	
BC-HEALTH-LD-CONGO HEALTH-LD-CONGO KIMBERLEY June 18 Sapa POSSIBILITY OF CONGO FEVER RECEDES: DOCTOR 
	
	
 The Kimberley Provincial Hospital said it would probably know by Tuesday whether one of its patients had Congo Fever.
Saeed said indications were that those tests would be negative too.
This is the first such case here, and the third one since 1999.
"We do not have special devices for inspecting large automobiles and cargoes," Nazarov said, adding that his service does not have enough communications equipment, either.
"...You have people who are 20 years and 30 years (and) below who are asking if we can get guns and go and shoot the man out of office, but I say: Please, that is the most dangerous thing you can ever do," he said.
That is why, as MDC, we are reluctant at this stage to endorse the sanctions option.
But if the appeal fails, the matter will be referred back to the High Court for trial.
"I believe less than 10 per cent of Taiwanese now favour independence," he said.
"This is no blind violence but rather targeted violence," Annemie Neyts said referring to the antiglobalist movement that set Gothenburg and Genoa, among other cities, ablaze.
In 1968 [Paris student revolt] I was annoyed at politicians who sided with us just to gain popularity."
But the protesters are not the only ones who are worried about the gulf between north and south."
How do you create political parties?
How do you set up an efficient judicial system?"
International cooperation is slow and does not function optimally, but the alternatives are worse."
This implies that it would totally liberalize trade.
"And this is not only a feeling.
Out of 140 members, not even 50 percent has a permanent delegation in Geneva.
Those countries do not possess the necessary expertise to conduct such highly technical negotiations."
That is not what it is all about."
This is even worse in the case of G-8 meetings.
However, a clear answer that would silence all protests does not exist.
"Unfortunately, Renault's Vilvoorde plant did effectively close down, "but this is a question of overcapacity in the automobile industry."
"Actually, I do not know what else we can do.
I think that the antiglobalists do not realize what has already been done.
But this can only change if we negotiate.
To do this, regulations and a structure like the WTO are needed.
There were no immediate reports of casualties.
"There is no possibility of legally selling the nuclear waste.
Taiwan's Foreign Minister Tien Hung-mao had vowed to back the US in fighting terrorism saying Taiwan had "no option" but to do so, despite a lack of diplomatic ties between Taipei and Washington.
It amounted to much more than what one could have expected.
This would have been a joke only yesterday.
Today, at the threshold of expansion, it is no longer a joke.
Chen said Taiwan's external trade has less of a need to readjust itself in the post-WTO era as it has long functioned under a market-oriented economy and already largely conforms to international conventions.
The vice minister said Taiwan's service industry was unlikely to sustain an excessive impact as it has been largely opened to private and foreign participation.
Foreign ministry spokesman Zhu Bangzao said Tuesday China would take "all necessary measures" to ensure the stability of its border regions ahead of any US retaliatory strikes.
But unfortunately there is little one can do about it.
Whatever the case, we are entering a difficult period.
To have sat back with arms folded would have made us all hostages.
Wu said optimistically that "it is unnecessary to wait until next year for the recovery to take place" on the ground that "vast damage will produce opportunities for construction."
Some senators spoke about this on Mise au Point [programme] on the television.
"If it goes on, we are worried.
This is not the conventional security but it is internal and we must look at terrorism and its sources," he said.
"Over the long term, we have to look at how terrorism manifests itself and have an international convention where terrorism is properly defined and where it is considered as a crime against humanity so there can be a proper tribunal."
Kazakh Oil paid more than 34bn tenge [the current exchange rate is 148 tenge to the dollar] to the budget in the period, that is 60 per cent up year on year...
"There's no such sale or waiver contemplated," he said.
It said the helicopters were designed for high altitudes typical of much of mainland China, including its Afghan border.
This had forced the army to implement some unpalatable measures, including the grounding of most of its entire fleet of Hawk fighter aircraft due to Britain's refusal to sell spare parts.
I am not going to comment on that one," Sekeramayi said yesterday before immediately cutting off his telephone.
AA/AH End
Its self-seeking manipulation of the tragedy, which, if Tel Aviv has not noticed, has affected every corner of the earth, adds yet another burden upon Washington.
He stressed he was especially satisfied with the fact that "the Russian-Venezuelan dialogue has become stable and dynamic."
"I never thought we would meet so soon," Chavez said.
The facts show that this Israeli tactic is new only in execution.
This tactic is no more than an improved carbon copy of the style of "divide and rule."
Its launch will be carried out by a modernized Soyuz-FG booster designed and manufactured at the Progress aerospace centre in Samara.
Such methods would only complicate things and add fuel to the raging fire.
"I adopt a two pronged approach.
However despite previous discussions "I haven't had as much progress on individual cases as I have wished to," she added.
"Russia has provided only military-technical assistance to the Northern Alliance and continues to do so.
	
WE are not going to remain silent.
But, he added that the Greenpeace is here to voice the concerns of millions of people.
The environmental organisation warned the delegates at the conference that the principles of the WTO would be rendered worthless unless the meeting extracted the commitment from the US on Kyoto Protocol.
It just cannot be that one country reaps all the benefits of mock globalisation but does not take any responsibility for the biggest global problem we are facing today.
This is fundamentally unfair and unjust, Leipold said.
What we are saying is, lets not jump again too quickly and lets check if there is a safety net.
In fact, Martens admitted that this volume of crude exports has not been achieved this year.
Hence, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), will decide at its meeting on Wednesday whether or not to cut its worldwide crude production in an effort to shore up energy prices.
Promises Are Cheap 
	
	
 The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries has agreed on three cuts in its production thus far this year, for the purpose of preventing the crude prices from becoming weaker.
Nevertheless, it has not kept its promises.
While Ang-See's statistics, derived mainly from non-official sources, paint a grim picture, they should not be ignored.
At the same time, the PNP can't be burying its head in the sand and offering explanations all the time, rather than check the rise of kidnappings.
Some administration officials wonder whether she paints doomsday scenarios just to embarrass the administration and to portray the contrast in performance between the PNP under Lacson and the current PNP leadership, which has no love lost with Lacson.
In the latter case, the blame for this fruitless effort belongs not to the stinginess of the US Government but rather to a mix of shortsightedness and irresponsibility among Argentine leaders.
In this sort of crisis there can never be just one guilty party.
Why put emphasis on economic issues, on the only area in which failure would be a foregone conclusion?
Argentina, which in recent days has again been making all of the world's newspapers in the worst sort of way, had to fulfill these requirements because it needed to gain Washington's active, not just verbal, support.
A less utopian wish is to get multilateral agencies, or some of them, to guarantee the Argentine offers to its creditors.
But those were the US needs.
That sort of meeting would have lent a noteworthy twist to the Argentine case.
In the first 10 months of this year, it was 133m US dollars, which is almost double of the amount of last year when it was 71m US dollars.
But the government has not taken any concrete steps regarding the cutback of greenhouse gas emissions, maintaining a wait-and-see approach instead.
A total 43 countries have ratified he treaty so far, with Korea yet to ratify.
The problem is neither simple nor minor.
If nothing were done, the temperature of the atmosphere would rise by a few degrees this century with unmistakable and potentially disastrous effects.
Ever since a ministerial meeting in 1999, I have advocated that that mechanism begin its activities as quickly as possible, a step that was finally accepted in Marrakesh.
Yvonne Spain, the co-ordinator of Children In Distress, a network of more than 50 organisations and people, said communities were absorbing the children, "but the fact of the matter is that, as multiple deaths occur, that safety net will fall apart".
He said: "The number of orphans is not a static thing.
Every day an orphan is being created and I know the problem is enormous in the province."
If the protocol, which prescribes an obligatory reduction of greenhouse gases, is put into effect, the nation's export will be heavily damaged.
Even though South Korea declared its intention to discuss its duty to cut down greenhouse gases from 2018, there is little possibility that advanced nations will wait until then.
"The government should provide domestic firms real aid like tax reductions and environmental technology development rather than abstractly recommend domestic firms promote energy efficiency and lower energy consumption," an industry source said.
But, say the scientists, tiny DNA strands can store huge amounts of information in minuscule space -- one cubic centimeter of DNA can store more information than a trillion CDs.
Prof. Shapiro says the molecular computer is the first of its kind.
"They work better than anything I've seen so far," said Eric Baum, a computer scientist at the NEC Research Institute in Princeton, New Jersey.
So how does such a computer work?
Once the computer has dissected the entire input, it can determine whether the sequence appeared an even or odd number of times according to the last label -- the "output".
The computer can also do other calculations, such as checking whether the "B" sequence appears at least once, or at most once, by inserting different types of software DNAs.
Returning refugees, however, faced minefields, a lack of educational facilities and ruined irrigation systems.
But Commons Leader Mr Cook said: "If you look back over the past month there has been no situation in which we have put British troops into the ground civil war and I don't myself imagine that's going to change."
British troops remained on 48 hour stand-by but the situation was "better than anybody could have hoped for", according to Mr Cook.
"We will continue obviously to keep the situation under review, but frankly, I think we should welcome the fact that their presence has not been needed in Afghanistan.
This is not a reverse, it's actually an advance," he added.
A ruling is expected by the end of this year or early next year.
And its total emissions continue to rise.
Its excuses include that it will harm the US economy and there is insufficient participation by developing nations.
To implement the Kyoto Protocol, according to Dr. Ren, usually a country would incur an economic loss equivalent to 1 percent of its GDP when it tries to lower greenhouse emissions 1 percent.
There is no way for a weak, developing nation to absorb such a burden.
It needs monetary and technical assistance from industrialized nations.
The next step will be even more difficult.
So, if that should prove necessary, De Winne will be able to personally pilot the space ship.
Several avenues have been explored to collect the overall amount.
Nor will the space sector's in particular.
"This should insure that we can recover the sums involved, that in the prospect of another space trip."
Who said that space investments were not interesting?
	
Youths Nidal Sanduqah and Ra'fat al-Bajjali were seriously injured as result of a strong explosion that rocked the center of Bethlehem.
Despite the opposition, Bush went it alone.
It does not want anything to do with countries and organizations that do not follow its orders or that always cause troubles to it.
It wanted the PA to meet difficult, even impossible, security conditions.
It also tried, through this pressure, to remove the legitimacy of the PA and its chairman Yasir Arafat under the pretext of terrorism or support for terrorism.
Every oppressive or vindictive Israeli action has a Palestinian reaction that cannot be stopped.
However, 78 percent of those polled believe there are many poor who oppose him.
According to Datanalisis' November poll, 57.4 percent of those polled feel as bad or worse than in the past and 55.3 percent believe their main problems are in the economic area.
As Christiansen explains, 'if Venezuelans did not see unemployment as a problem that could be solved, they would not blame it on Chavez' incapacity.
However, Chen said "one China" should not be a precondition for talks until such time as Taipei and Beijing have reached a mutually acceptable meaning for the the term through "wisdom and creativity."
Tsai said cross-strait dialogue is not expected to resume overnight.
It said that the Coast Guard units had intercepted a total of 6 thousand 743 foreigners since January 1, 1996.
There is no way of knowing whether or not Israel will halt the withdrawal of its troops again under any pretext as it did before.
Sharon's remarks and behavior that were insulting to the Palestinians infuriated Palestine.
This figure is said to be 5 percent higher than it was a decade ago.
Those involved in it had no shortage of arguments, whether Arab, Jewish, or simply clear-headed.
This process has not achieved its goal.
Can we seriously imagine the crimes that would have to be committed to achieve this result?
Can anyone believe that the Arab world could approve of it?
It is absolutely impossible for the time being.
Asking this question at least serves as a reminder that, although many have already left, thereby reinventing the Diaspora, the Israelis want to stay and do not intend to end up like French Algeria.
The second is that of reciprocity.
And yet, the problem was disposed of in two hours.
At most, a few differences in sensitivity emerged over whether or not the issue should remain closed from one to two months or if the discussions with Argentina should continue.
In the case of Russia, it was a matter of helping the former soviet giant consolidate its emerging democracy.
Argentina has none of these worthy arguments.
Moreover, the "Argentine case" falls at a bad time.
The other emerging nations are calling on foreign capital less since the Asian crisis and a sharp ebb in investments would not have the dramatic impact that it had in 1997-1998.
Regardless of what happens, the current extremely perilous situation is another setback for the IMF.
Output volumes at enterprises that produce coke and the products of oil refining increased 57.1%.
Consolidated Budget expenditures totalled Hr37.8 billion (24.9% of GDP), which amounts to 71.4% of the approved sum for the year.
Exports of Ukrainian customer-supplied raw materials totalled $137.5 million.
The 450ft long vessel Nisha, carrying 26,000 tonnes [metric tons] of raw sugar, was stopped on Friday morning [21 December] amid fears it could be transporting noxious, hazardous or dangerous substances.
He added: "We have not detected any signs of interference and we do not believe that the seals of the holds have been interfered with.
Chavez added that "they are going around looking for a Pinochet, analyzing man by man to see who could be the Pinochet that they could pit against Chavez, and I am sure that there is no Pinochet in the FAN.
	
The Europeans are enthusiastically holding in their hands "the euro, our currency" that for so long had been no more than a much-wielded slogan.
One must understand all the implications, often unfortunately invisible.
It is not enough to proclaim, even in the Constitution, that one peso is worth one dollar, for that to be really the case.
Looking back one can see a general lack of vigilance.
First paradox: The Argentine economy is not very open, not even to its neighbors in Latin America.
Its exports amount to just 8 percent of its GDP, as do its imports.
But this Chinese territory has an extremely open economy, to the point where its exports exceed its GDP, thereby facilitating the influx of foreign currency.
The final switch to the dollar would stabilize relations between creditors and debtors.
But neither dollarization nor the currency board provides a guarantee of low interest rates, as there will always be an "Argentine risk."
Plus there is the problem of external competitiveness that remains unsolved.
Unless the peso is devalued before it disappears, that is technically possible but more delicate when it comes to credibility.
We don't know where it will go, against whom.
It is dangerous!
Brazil cannot stand by with its hands folded just watching all of this," Genoino affirmed.
For Jose Agripino Maia, PFL [Liberal Front Party] leader in the Senate, although Brazil has detached itself from Argentina, it should not disregard the message of the crises that is devastating the neighboring country.
"The degree of pauperization will be brutal.
Everything depends on how long it takes for Peronism to burn out and new leadership to emerge," Sader said.
Israel's provocation is too harsh to be tolerated.
US envoy Zinni is supposed to have realized these clear-cut facts through his reading of the latest developments in the region.
It is obvious no country will put up with this cruelty.
The Swedish and US authorities are looking for people who might have been exposed to dangerous radiation, but there is no indication that the container started to leak in Sweden.
"It this information is correct, it means that fewer people will have been exposed to radiation," said Hans-Bertil Hakansson, Studsvik managing director and concern chief, to DN [Dagens Nyheter].
On arrival, measurements showed that it was emitting far too much radiation.
The criticisms mainly focus on the applicability of the Senate's bill, the lack of a palliative filter prior to committing euthanasia, the supervisory role of the assessment committee, which is likely to be understaffed, and the nonexistence of fixed penalties for unjustifiable cases of euthanasia.
According to the CD&amp;amp;V [Christian Democratic and Flemish], this is why this committee has only been given an advisory function.
Moreover, the Chamber's justice committee seems to want to go it alone regarding the euthanasia debate.
The government is floundering, more seriously than anyone would have thought six months ago.
But benchmarking is not sufficient from the viewpoint of economic efficiency (realizing the Kyoto restrictions on emissions at the lowest possible costs for the whole of society).
Second, benchmark covenants do not guarantee that the external climate costs of energy use (the increased greenhouse effect caused by the burning of fossil fuels) are correctly taken into account in the final products of the sectors concerned.
Since industry does not wish to let itself be pinned down on an absolute emissions ceiling, while the government feels itself committed to an absolute ceiling, industry is foisting the necessary efforts onto other sectors in society through the benchmark covenants.
Thus the benchmark covenants could be reconciled with the European Commission's recent proposals for launching a unified market for European carbon dioxide emissions by 2005.
The convention exempts only those, such as spies and saboteurs, who do not clearly identify themselves as belligerents.
To be more precise, prisoners of war are not to be treated like those jailed by the U.S. at its Guantanamo Bay naval base in Cuba.
There are, however, a couple of problems with this understandable, if knee-jerk, response.
The more fundamental problem, though, has to do with logic.
The assumption is that what we do to them will be done to us.
Let us hope that, in this instance, the terrible equation does not hold.
Perhaps this is why Fidel Castro has not spoken out against what might go on in Guantanamo.
The sooner the inhumane treatment of detainees is put to a end, the better.
Fixed asset investment planned for this year will be 80.7 billion yuan, an increase of 15.2 percent.
The director-general of the Khrunichev centre briefed the head of state on how the heavy Proton rocket-booster had been upgraded.
The U.S. and most recently the British governments reject the suggestion that the prisoners are being harmed, but this does not alter the fact that the pictures of hooded prisoners in chains are in themselves enough to paint a picture of a United States that in the name of self-righteousness - and equally worryingly: without any great amount of debate - has allowed itself to infringe international rules.
For most people it will of course be difficult to mobilize any great degree of understanding for those responsible for the bloody terrorism in the United States on that day in September, but what is at issue here is that at the present moment principles are at stake that could have far-reaching repercussions for the future war against terrorism.
"I do not have all the information, but there are some questionable aspects in the U.S. approach," political spokesman Mogens Lykketoft (Social Democratic Party) told Ritzau Bureau.
"To begin with, I have great confidence that what the Americans are doing in relation to these prisoners is reasonable.
As long as no Danes are involved, the Danish People's Party does not think that Denmark should interfere.
"This could of course become necessary if a Dane were involved.
Critics condemn the inhumane nature of the treatment the prisoners are receiving, handcuffed, immobilized with shackles, subjected to sensory deprivation and confined to minute cells.
The result of the report will have to be taken into account before political and moral judgments of guilty or not guilty are made.
Indications exist that the system to which the prisoners are subjected is excessively harsh.
Nor does it seem proper to cite the fact that the base is not on American soil because it is a rented base.
Backing from a majority of the public would not serve, either, as justification for the possible excesses and violations of rights.
But this enormous difference is not enough.
In other case, too, it seems doubtful that the crucial distinction between military and civilian targets was made systematically.
Not only with the protection of the civilian population does something sometimes go wrong.
The anti-terrorism drive will not succeed if it is conducted merely as a struggle against a particularly ruthless set of criminals, Roth said.
Even by the EU's own submissions just two weeks ago, its international observers - and not pliant ones handpicked by the government to validate a sham - should have been on the ground by now, but the 15-nation bloc is still talking to Harare!
So far, 158 al-Qaeda and Taliban prisoners have been transferred from Afghanistan to the isolated Guantanamo base on Cuba's southeastern coast.
"It wasn't easy to put the list together," Annan said, explaining the 21 names had been whittled down from a shortlist of 300.
Jordan has delayed sending its ambassador designate, Abdul Ilah Kurdi, to Tel Aviv.
"Illegal Combatants" 
	
	
 All this for a single photograph, something that, after all, was quite neat and tidy, in which men are seen dressed in gleaming suits and modern, civilized instruments of coercion (blinding eyeglasses, masks incapacitating the mouth and nose, ear-splitting ear phones)?
The End and the Means 
	
	
 Since 11 September, the US has behaved as if it had a sort of natural right to create law.
Until now, this right-this right right, if one prefers-has more or less been accepted by Washington's partners.
The distress generated by one photograph published inadvertently or through excess self-confidence might only mean that this consensus is in the process of eroding.
Its harm is not limited to the incident itself, but lies in the fact that it is an important step for the Taiwanese authorities to promote its "gradual Taiwan independence."
This is really an unwise idea.
Any type of "Taiwan independence" is absolutely not permitted.
I do not remember any election at all when their pronouncements were fair?"
Cde Mugabe said there could never be any election anywhere in the world without any incident.
The campaign has been successful so far, and has not been seriously challenged by Arab and Muslim Americans who have been struggling to merely distance themselves from terrorism.
Although it is difficult to imagine that the American foreign policy towards Arab issues could become worse than what it has been, my sense is that it will be much more difficult to argue the Arab viewpoint in the American decision-making quarters.
As bad as the prospects of change seem to be at this juncture, I don't believe fresh efforts are doomed to failure.
I have to say that Americans are not innately biased against Arabs and Muslims.
However, like any other legitimate message, it costs money, sustained effort, and organisation to put it out.
At first sight, this seems to be nothing more than a terminology issue.
"Too much blood was shed and much suffering endured to achieve our independence and regain our sovereignty for anyone to imagine that they can either dictate or intimidate us into submission," said Cde Mudenge.
The EU has indicated that it would issue sanctions targeted at a few Government and Zanu-PF officials.
The only nation specifically invited to send observers was Nigeria.
There are no cells or even shacks; there are just cages measuring 1.5 mt.
and just over 2 mt.
"The accusations of ill treatment," Secretary Rumsfeld said, "are completely untrue.
Thus not only is it impossible to escape, but the humanitarian associations could never organize a protest rally in such a place.
In other words: no pig meat or meat from animals from which all the blood has not been fully removed.
In actual fact, none of the witnesses that have visited the camp has ever seen any meat at all.
This is another of the "privileges" mentioned by Rumsfeld.
"There is virtually no more room; work needs to be done on making the place bigger and better," a Department of Defense spokesman announced.
No more than that.
Nothing more.
There is an entire.
To answer a question of this nature, the Brazilian Foreign Minister would surely resort to Ortega y Gasset: "I am I and my circumstances.
If I do not save them, I do not save myself."
[passage omitted]
For those owing less than $100,000, the conversion will be done at the rate of one to one.
Debts of more than $300,000 will continue to be converted at 1.4 to 1.
Its last show of support was the $8 billion in aid to support the "zero deficit" tactic.
Lack of confidence led to massive withdrawals of savings into safer places.
Cavallo could think of nothing better than the curbs on withdrawals.
Duhalde will confirm that $2 billion will be made available immediately to mitigate the social disaster.
On the basis of this target a rule is developed to determine the interest rate needed to hit the target for price rises.
The amount of money issued thus winds up being a function of these variables, not a target in itself, so that monetary policy can be used as a tool for promoting economic recovery.
This measure will benefit only the 4 percent of workers who earn more than that amount, which until now was subject to the restrictions.
Therefore, it can be used only to purchase items such as cars and apartments.
'We would not have raised all that much money and would have been sending a very bad signal overseas by discriminating between sectors,' acknowledged a senior source in the Economy Ministry.
If any withholding arrangement is implemented, it will apply to all exports, not just some.
It should have been on the side of the smaller and weaker nations, rather than targeting them one by one in the pursuit of its global agenda.
Why Such a Selection?
It is open to question why such a selection was made.
Incidentally, some founders of the Israeli State once did not hesitate to use such methods, either.... 
	
	
 No, it is not possible to yield to any form of terrorism or to try to justify it, but it is also apparent that any opportunistic selectivity could, in the final analysis, only jeopardize the success of the global war against it.
The answer should be negative.
Obviously, the "title" of "axis" is something in international relations that every country would do anything to avoid, so Iran, Iraq, and the DPRK naturally want to clean themselves of the dirty water that someone else have thrown on them.
It seems that the market for the theory of "evil axis" is still limited.
No figure has been provided by Washington nor demanded by Islamabad, but a fairly large number of these dehumanised detainees are believed to be Pakistanis.
The guilt or otherwise of these detainees can be determined only by a competent court.
It should at least take up its own citizens' plight with the Karzai administration.
What a brazen-faced deception of reality and unbearable insult to a sovereign state!
What we cannot condone more than anything is that Bush arbitrarily designated our country as part of a so-called an axis of evil.
Anything that goes against this can be said to be evil.
It would only be in a later stage that Belgium could imagine providing assistance to the person who claims to be one of its citizens.
But what type of assistance?
Carpenter, deputy director of the US non-governmental research organization the Cato Institute, holds that Bush's criticism of Korea by name is really hard to understand.
I don't know why Bush listed Korea as one among the terrorist countries."
The French presidential office does not make open comments on Bush's statement, it only says that what Bush says is directed mainly to the Americans.
No one had gone so far in the anthology of rhetorical follies, or in falsifying history.
4 February is one of the most terrible days in Venezuelan history.
Once he was taken prisoner, democracy exhausted all its generosity, just as Vargas did with Carujo.
Venezuelan democracy has not given anyone as much as it gave Chavez.
For he affirmed in the first speech that there would be no dialogue with Iraq until after it has accepted the return of the UN arms inspectors.
It has been vague about Venezuela's intentions regarding the protection of crude prices and the war on terrorism.
Regarding ties with Colombian guerrilla groups, Rangel warned there "is a clear elucidation; we are implementing a policy that was not even designed by President Chavez Frias.
"Being an old parliamentarian, I love that activity and I would gladly go to Congress to provide an explanation.
This would set the basis for a preliminary hearing.
This institution does not commit itself to the Chavez 'revolution.'
They are so wrong and far from this reality.
They denied that the FAN is an elitist institution though, according to themselves, about 30 percent of its members have completed at least two careers.
This is to generate "antagonism" within the public opinion.
The average for migrant women in the other age groups is lower than the national average.
This is less than the registration rate of migrant women with no or one child.
"I'm fleeing from injustice and totalitarianism," Soto yelled to reporters.
He also pretends that he besieges Arafat because so far, he was unable to confront the Palestinian resistance.
What is non-WASP humanity?
According to Americans, this sort of humanity does not qualify for any of the laws that have been legislated by international organizations, by any accepted world conventions.
This is in no way defending the Taleban or the Al-Qa'idah members, some of whom might be guilty of the most heinous crimes against the poor oppressed people in Afghanistan.
The point is that if the United States keeps pontificating and preaching about human rights, it can't suddenly forget about its past lectures to other countries and nations.
It can only be paradoxical that a supposedly model democracy like the USA can trample on the law to such an extent.
Karzai has blamed Khan for the fighting and said it was "one more reason why we should finish warlordism in this country."
It was surely not just rhetoric.
They prove that the USA is gradually adopting an offensive rather than a defensive stance in its strategy.
Health authorities said yesterday that more than 27 people had tested positive for the severe sputum smear type of tuberculosis.
"There are still no regulations.
The Central Bank has not yet explained what transfers can be made or what the authorization rules will be for these transactions.
Until it does so, the wholesale market, which is the one that can stand up to the Central Bank, is going to remain closed," explained one trader at a front-line bank.
"If there are no importers, the market has no reason to heat up, and as long as this continues, there will be no need for the Central Bank to intervene," he added.
The people in these lines were in a foul mood.
This was a common scene, as savers could avoid long lines this way.
"I'm not sure whether I should wait in line or sell to one of the street traders, because they'll even give me a few cents more," said Fabian, a 36-year old attorney.
As if the crowd and people's nerves were already not enough to heat up the atmosphere, at noon a march by the Argentine Production Movement and the demonstrations against banks wound up scaring away several savers, who decided to conduct their transactions another day.
They also explained that the stock market's behavior would be hard to predict in the coming days since it will depend mainly on the greenback; as a result, many are saying that there will be "upward and downward price swings."
At that point investors were anticipating a possible jump in the dollar when the currency market reopened.
Last week it rose because we had different expectations about the value of the dollar, but today it is correcting the 20 or 30 cents that the dollar is down."
Some specialists feel that "anything could happen" this week, but the trend is downward.
Perhaps the most important characteristic of the new European initiative is the fact that it annuls the hardline Israeli-US stand, which rejects any kind of political negotiations unless the violence stops completely.
"I think we've got to be very careful with the rhetoric of that kind," he said.
Protesters carried banners reading "Ratify the Kyoto Protocol" and "Koizumi say 'No' to Bush: Stick to Kyoto Protocol."
"But the leaders I've talked to understand, exactly, what needs to happen.
The first is improvised and not devoid of slips of the tongue.
If it was viable to describe terrorist organizations as evil, then it is not viable to do the same for countries.
If conditions do not change, there is no way Japan can assume a defensive stand."
"The statement concerning 'Axis of Evil' is already showing its diplomatic effect."
However, such a scenario can be assured success only if it is underpinned by President Bush's "policy of not excluding a variety of options" inclusive of military action.
Speaking in halting Hebrew, the San Francisco Chronicle reported, Nusseibeh said: "I am here to tell you that there is no one to speak to, except Abu Ammar (Yasser Arafat) ... we want a warm peace, not a cold peace, between our nations."
But he also had a thinly veiled message for leaders in Taipei, saying "we will urge there be no provocation".
Bush's comments appeared designed to reassure Beijing that Washington has not shifted from its long-standing policy of avoiding making any explicit commitment to come to Taiwan's defence should China invade.
Its total weight was about 1 kg.
There is a saying that "people in the world work so hard to pursue gains."
Regarding the major contents and purpose of Bush's speech at Tsinghua University, it was, as overseas public opinion had expected, a promotion of US values to China.
The Americans do not see this, quite the contrary.
Today he says action could be taken without considering the Europeans.
If it were only a matter of objective differences of opinion, than it would all be only half as wild.
Solidarity has its limits after all.
The numbers are expected to increase as more journalists were accredited yesterday.
But separation will not mean an end to the occupation and no Israeli government can provide security as long as it persists in its efforts to maintain its presence beyond Israel's pre-1967 borders and to retain territories inhabited by millions of Palestinians.
The only way out of the current spiral of violence is for Israel to limit itself to areas within which it can assume responsibility for its citizens' security.
Practically speaking, a buffer zone will be near impossible to erect.
Israelis do not wonder any longer how to get along with Palestinians but how to avoid the need for it.
It said there was no justification in the EU's move and the body should not regard itself as more competent than others in election observation.
The Palestinians are sending out a clear message of peace that is loud and clear.
These Israeli aims are clear and do not need further clarification or explanation.
One of these countries is Turkey, a net importer of energy.
"I mean, if there wasn't (suspension) in these circumstances, the Commonwealth would be badly damaged," he warned.
Why should it handle Zimbabwe?
"That's ridiculous.
"I don't think it has reached a point that we will have alienation because of what is going on in Zimbabwe.
I do not like the assumption, that unless Mugabe or Zanu-PF loses the election, it will not be free and fair."
He made such charges despite the fact that women's political, social and cultural participation is not less than that of men.
"The fact that at least 25-30 industrialised countries are likely to ratify the Protocol within this year is a clear signal that the Kyoto Protocol, with its legally binding targets and timetables, is the only effective international framework for combating global warming."
The EU has legally bound itself today to actually reduce its emissions.
It also took issue with the lack of religious freedom in the communist country.
It seems that America's unilateral policy does not identify any limits for itself.
Another amendment defined terrorism as "any act of violence or use of threat, regardless of reason and aim, executed individually or collectively to disturb public order and endanger public safety and security."
Neither Amnesty International's nor the US State Department's report mention the steps taken for the establishment of an ombudsman office, which would be the first of its kind in the region.
"Now more people will be able to judge if a report is not so well sourced, or thoroughly investigated," she said.
An overview of international developments in February, among other things, clearly points to this fact.
It precisely is an empire of evil.
None of them approves of Bush's one-sided, self-righteous policy.
In 1982, Israel invaded Lebanon and its troops reached Beirut in a one-sided war that was aimed at destroying the PLO and burying Palestinian claims to their land for good.
But it is not war by any military definition.
Instead, he has invented a reality that is much worse than war.
What Sharon has succeeded in doing is to radicalize the Palestinians even further.
There is no war other than the blind and murderous rage of a defeated colonial power.
Germany's Foreign Ministry spokesman Andreas Michaelis said that "all information points to the fact it cannot be assumed there were equal chances for the candidates in this election."
The actual US objective is the protection of its own interests worldwide for which it does not care for any moral values.
It can be derived from this that the US attack on Afghanistan without any logic, was not an impulsive action but the psychology of maintaining US supremacy was fully involved in it.
Pakistan has not only earned a bad name but also its internal and external problems have increased manifold.
Noting that threatening others with armed forces is the current US administration's modus operandi, the statement stressed that the US threat would cause grave clashes.
The US stance, however, makes the dialogue impossible.
He said there was overwhelming evidence that polling was neither free nor fair.
There won't be a rebellion because the majority voted for President Mugabe.
"Our interests have nothing to do with how people report about us.
"We don't have to worry.
"The presidential election in Zimbabwe has not satisfied the fundamental requirements for a democratic election," Foreign Minister Jan Petersen said in a statement.
But no violence has occurred so far.
"This explains why the two groups were critical of the election.
It is easy to paint a bad picture because one can do it even with eyes closed since one would have been paid to do so," the sources said.
"I don't know of any Sadc country that two months ago already said that X or Y would win the election but we know countries that two months ago predicted the result of the election.
We didn't come to vote and the results of the election were the true will of the Zimbabwean people.
It can only rise to meet it by making some radical changes.
Either the absence of democracy in Africa is no longer any more of a problem for Europe than the lack of development, or it is time to get serious about "good governance" as a condition for aid.
The SADC on Saturday endorsed the vote, despite its Parliamentary Forum, which judging that the March 9-11 election "did not conform with the norms and standards of the SADC Parliamentary Forum," signed on to by Zimbabwe.
This is our land, and we have no intention of owning a piece of land in Britain," said Mugabe.
However, since this is a new concept, there may be room for negotiation."
Chile is not Iraq, nor is Lagos Saddam, fortunately, of course.
Consequently, Zinni will find it difficult to attain a cease-fire and commence the implementation of the Tenet understandings and Mitchell recommendations.
It cannot make more concessions.
"It is a bad report that can only lead to bad decisions," Moyo said, denouncing the report as "opinionated" and "one-sided" and saying it "lacks credibility and cannot withstand any objective scrutiny."
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw also praised the decision, saying that "the message could not be clearer."
"To some extent we have the sense that this is a halfway house," he said.
"Personally I felt that one is going to be used here, but I nevertheless hoped the presence of outsiders in Zimbabwe would stop some illegal acts which may have been committed."
No doubt Blair will fight on.
If a rocket launch fails, debris weighing hundreds of tonnes will be scattered over the densely-populated island of Java or the tourist island of Bali, and on to the east as far as Timor.
So far, the Indonesian Government has only ratified the 1972 Liability Convention.
This convention only applies to space objects that fall into Indonesian sovereign territory.
Indonesia has only adopted one compensation principle, the Absolute Liability principle.
"If Australia then denies the claim, we need only demand that Australia produce proof that the space debris did not originate from its space centre activities.
This is no different to arbitration hearings to resolve other cases," Priyatna said.
Unfortunately, historical precedent shows that claiming compensation is no easy matter.
There is little doubt that the presidential election was neither free nor fair.
This much must be regarded as admitting of no doubt.
However, this says nothing about the way forward.
I now proceed to illustrate this truth.
The main reason for this lack of transparency is that in terms of the current constitution and laws, voter registration is conducted by officials appointed by, and answerable to, the President.
This enabled the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation to abuse its position by broadcasting ZANU PF propaganda only.
Two points must be made.
Mugabe has no moral excuse for shooting people merely demanding a new constitution.
This struggle does not need a spontaneous uprising.
A core of determined and committed Zimbabweans is sufficient for this purpose.
Never again should Zimbabweans go into an election under the current constitution.
This is useless sophistry.
Moscow has expressed the wish to import more Mongolian meat.
This issue is likely to be discussed in Ulan-Bator, since the 1991 agreement on this company expires on December 31, 2002.
It is learned that the manned spaceship will have a liftoff weight of about eight tonnes, and is less than 10 meters long and 3.5 meters in diameter.
This technology will enable the spaceship to limit its mobility in the atmosphere.
According to Malan, another approach is necessary in this period of transition of the Argentine crisis.
Given the degree of uncertainty that prevails over the inflation, foreign exchange and interest rates and over the economy's real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) this year, the approach should not be the traditional one, the Finance Minister says.
This, the Minister insists, is why "it makes no sense to demand that everything be done in one or two weeks," referring to what the IMF and some governments, like that of the United States, are asking.
Malan defends a single currency for Mercosur.
"We do not want to yield on Brazil's having its own currency, its regional currency.
Over the last few months, Israeli forces have been targeting the symbols of authority of the Palestinian administration.
But this is a conflict without winners.
	
DELHI.
"We support it.
"However, this right should not be exercised to the detriment of the legitimate interests of neighboring states.
The question arises for the Israeli Labor Party of how long it can still justify a coalition with Sharon.
In this context everyone must be aware that the core of the problem is still the illegally established Israeli settlements in the Palestinian autonomous regions, which have steadily been expanded in the last few years.
Earlier this week, Belgian Foreign Minister Louis Michel, who does not miss an opportunity to provoke Israel, threatened that the EU would once again reconsider its relations with Jerusalem.
However, I do not mean that we overcame all problems.
It is impossible not to wonder at the creators of the EU.
However, it could be better.
But the latest events reveal that his popularity had not collapsed.
1 April] crushing of the demonstrations.
All of which, incidentally, is something of which Chavez has done very little so far.
Millions of Arabs, Palestinians and non-Palestinians alike, now have a conviction stronger than before to the effect that it is impossible to achieve "coexistence" with this usurping, occupying, aggressive, and racist entity.
The man who defeated Iraq in 1991 in only six weeks issued a message, saying that the most he hoped for was something less than a mutual cease-fire agreement.
Israel did not even have the goodness to look at this plan, demonstrating arrogance toward everything Arab.
The commission is headed by Cesar Gaviria, Secretary General of the OAS.
"There is no international problem, but rather a manipulation of the subject domestically; and once again I want to ask the FMLN that it does not cause damage to this country.
As the saying goes, when you pull up the turnip, mud comes with it.
For every effect, there is a cause.
Only it was a little too early to get excited.
Announcing this at a news conference, Mr Sunil Mittal, Chairman &amp;amp; Managing Director, Bharti Enterprises, noted that the tariffs, which would be made available on its ILD [international long distance] services being launched on May 1, would be revised downwards as and when the market demanded it.
Interconnect agreements had already been signed with almost all cellular operators.
"We applauded this move because it was not only just, but it made us begin to feel that we, as Arabs, were an integral part of Israeli society.
If this move goes through, we will once again feel that we are being discriminated against."
The story could have devastating consequence for the Bush administration.
But they had been told that Chavez, whose friendship with Libya, Iraq and Cuba has angered Washington, should only be replaced by legitimate, constitutional means; the US would not support a coup.
If it turns out to be true that the two US colonels were involved in the failed attempt, there can be no other conclusion.
Coup making might have been acceptable during the Cold War.
It certainly is not any more.
I found the statements made by US officials about the recent developments in Venezuela both ridiculous and odd because they all seemed to be playing games.
It continues to twist the logic of things by turning a blind eye to Israeli murderers and describing Palestinian victims as terrorists.
"So far, we've only come to try the Russian food, which was tasty.
When Chavez resumed power, a senior US official in charge of national security commented that "Chavez should reflect on himself," as "his ship has been sailing towards a wrong direction for far too long."
"It was a tough but gratifying experience.
"This clearly undermines the independence of the Commission and will erode public's confidence on it."
Elaborating further on the boycott, Ramdas said the NGOs will not hold any dialogues, send any memorandums or complaints to Suhakam.
Instead of resorting to such measures, the commissioner said the NGOs should work with Suhakam for the advancement of human rights in this country.
The identity of the slain militants could not be ascertained.
However, there are two facts that ought to be highlighted.
"I feel very strongly for these people," Mr. Tsvangirai said.
"This is just the pursuance of a vendetta.
Because of restrictions on foreign reporters in Zimbabwe, it was impossible to obtain direct government comment on Mr. Tsvangirai's allegations.
"The international community can support us so far, but it can never remove the shackles of repression," he said.
"There is no struggle without casualties, but we don't want to engineer any reckless action," he cautioned.
However, there was no report of any casualty.
