A set of tests specifically for Congo fever were still outstanding.
Labus said Milosevic's extradition "is of course a part of the equation," but added "broad economic reforms and democracy that we introduced into the country" had played a major role.
"The possibility of a democratic, stable and prosperous Yugoslavia moving toward integration with Europe is something which we dared not hope for only eight months ago."
"Since our technical equipment is far from perfect, we perhaps seize even less than 10 per cent," Nazarov said in an interview with the Thursday edition of Nezavisimaya Gazeta.
The Nouvel Observateur said that Beijing is unlikely to annex Taiwan by force, despite its deployment of missiles along its coastal provinces opposite Taiwan, but is instead resorting to smarter tactics, bringing the Taiwan authorities to heel through Taiwan businessmen who are eager to explore the mainland Chinese market.
The weekly said that mainland China has attracted more than US$50 billion in investment from Taiwan thus far, while the Taipei authorities bowed to pressure from its own businessmen to lift restrictions on investment in mainland China in May, a move expected to speed up the flow of Taiwan capital to its arch rival.
The Lusaka accord merely speaks about "political opposition", he said.
Russia is "interested in creating international instruments for regulating emissions, which will guarantee the stable economic development of all signatories to international agreements on the climate sphere without any exceptions", the statement reads.
A written statement made by the company's China branch revealed that no glitches had been found in China since its last recall in 1999, Tuesday's China Daily reported.
The minister went on to say that although mainland China is squeezing Taiwan's development space in the world community with its huge resources and strong diplomacy, the ROC can still break through its difficulties as long as it implements democracy and obtains the support of overseas Chinese communities.
If you don't want to go peacefully, we will remove you violently."
Zimbabwe's performance in Mozambique, Somalia and the DRC speaks for itself.
In his latest speech, Chen said the long-standing dispute with China must be resolved through dialogue with respect to the principles of democracy and freedom.
We should keep listening and arguing, but adopt a cautious approach.
"The current protest movement is still in a phase that we called contestation in 1968.
Neyts is convinced that gaining access to development is a much more complex phenomenon than is generally accepted.
"It is reassuring to believe that the Tobin tax [on speculative capital movements] will stimulate development, but there is more to it.
I think that the development debate does not focus enough on political development and political stability.
"In the 1930's, the first reaction to the economic depression was to close all borders.
There is no alternative to it but conflict, isolation, nationalism, and ultimately war.
Neyts understands that developing countries may feel uneasy about the kind of trade negotiations that are conducted at WTO level.
Neyts rejects all forms of violence, but understands the protests.
There is an immense gulf between the hype surrounding a summit and its result, which is often worded in illegible conclusions.
"Therefore, it is a positive development that all 'summits' will be held in Brussels as of 2003," Neyts said.
"This will remove the hype surrounding them."
At the time, the brutality with which this closure was implemented was unheard of, but now we have legal instruments to avoid this."
The second feature was that both conferences ended without effective result, and the decisions taken and resolutions adopted there lacked conclusiveness and were not operational.
This is while possessing arms for self-defense is itself a factor that breeds insecurity.
(It should be noted that the issues moved at the conference were declared unofficial and lacking validity [legal force] even for the participating countries.)
And it is likely that until each party seeks its own particular interest in the conflict, and until the rivalry persists, the question would continue to remain unresolved.
Here are the views expressed by two of the prominent characters attending the Genoa Conference.
At the Bonn Conference too, the agenda was to tackle and discuss the most urgent and indispensable factors concerning the life of humankind.
As regards the recent conference (Bonn Meeting), although the past gatherings like the Hague meeting and Kyoto conference have proved to be failed experiences, nevertheless as the climatic and atmospheric crises are growing more serious, one can be optimistic and hopeful about the success of such protocols and pacts, and implementation of the agreements, even though they are not protected by any sanctions.
This is because the terrorist violence has struck innocent women and children and defenseless civilians.
This is because Israel is an occupation state, one that is persecuting the Palestinians and denying them the right to exercise their national and sovereign rights.
Such a comparison would be theoretically valid if Israel withdrew from the occupied territories but the violence of terrorism against it continued.
"There are moments in every nation's history which are marked forever.
For me, for my country, it's the death of President (John F.) Kennedy.
"We learnt of the attacks with great shock and sorrow," the ministers said.
The MOFA spokeswoman affirmed that from the angle of Eastern and Western cultural exchanges, the sponsoring of similar conferences will be instrumental to mainland Chinese people's better understanding of Catholicism and its contributions to Chinese society.
Taiwan "would not stand idly by" because "the attacks were not only a challenge to the US but also a disruption of peace for mankind," Chen said in a statement released by the presidential office.
In the end, a certain consideration that differed from the above two proved to be decisive.
He did not succeed with that so far.
Taiwan-made products stood a good chance of becoming even more competitive thanks to wider access to overseas markets and lower costs for material imports, he said.
The Japanese aerospace community takes a great deal of pride in this achievement.
It is supposed to be the next generation rocket that is both inexpensive and highly reliable.
In the past decade, despite its stagnating economy, Japan has still put space exploration as a top priority item in its space program.
Its first target is the moon.
It is its national policy.
Japan also has a relatively strong aerospace industry.
That is a bitter pill to swallow in a thoroughly non-militaristic society such as ours, where the clash of weapons provokes healthy reactions of repulsion.
The coming days will reveal whether or not they were effective, were sufficiently precisely targeted and limited in scope.
A strategy that worldwide must include both a degree of repression but most importantly constructive and positive measures.
The economic impact of the 11 September attacks was already disastrous, with clear effects on the world economy, hitting the poorest countries by far the most.
"We are worried that Islamic states like ourselves that support the US efforts, ultimately the population will rise against us, seeing all these innocent people being killed ... we don't want the war to be seen or to be perceived as a war against Islam."
We can no longer buy arms from Europe at the moment because of the problems here," said a top Ministry of Defence source.
A senior government official said: "I sympathize with those who want change in the presidential elections but judging by the groundwork that ZANU PF is doing to deal with the opposition, I am afraid to say that I don't see that change coming."
Khatami and Chavez agreed that 'Dialogue Among Civilizations' could serve to mitigate clashes of civilizations and would also ensure a durable peace.
There is an evident international resolve to put an end to the Arab-Israeli conflict in all its aspects.
In his opinion, this is a positive factor, especially from the point of view of ensuring stable oil supply on the world market.
Asked whether signing the Kyoto Protocol will affect Jordan and US efforts to upgrade the Kingdom's environmental framework, Tbeishat said that signing the protocol will have a "positive" outcome on Jordan.
The reoccupation was a kind of collective punishment for the inhabitants of those cities and the villages around them, villages that constitute an organic and vital extension of the cities.
One is to encourage this cooperation and the other is to express concerns about serious situations of human rights violations or shortcomings, that I will also do."
In Xinjiang and Tibet, "the situation there is very good" said foreign ministry spokesman Zhu Bangzao.
"I will also raise some individual cases and express concerns.
The Iranian president also hailed Chavez's recent efforts in travelling to OPEC and non-OPEC member countries, in a bid to garner support for propping up the sagging crude prices.
You can count on that.
You know us, said Remi Parmentier, the political director of Greenpeace International.
So, we will act very responsibly and I have given all guarantees to Sheikh (Hamad bin Faisal) al-Thani (chairman of the organising committee) that we would be responsible, peaceful and that we would act in a very constructive manner with them.
We are going to give a voice to people that you dont want to hear.
Talking to the press, Greenpeace executive director Gerd Leipold said currently the most important issue is climate change.
If we continue to burn fossil fuel at the rate we are going today, we look at a bleak future.
This is a breach of the very constitution of WTO.
This is the first test case for WTO.
	
Energy Secretary Ernesto Martens has admitted that it is unfeasible to guarantee the flow of revenues to the government if the Finance Secretariat maintains its estimate that the crude export platform in 2002 will average 1.825 million barrels per day, at a price of $17.00 per barrel.
And it is possible that, at some given time, OPEC may hand it the bill for not collaborating in the reduction of the oil supply."
The details of the crime and the swift release are less important than the political implications.
This perception is also fueled by the crime statistics of Ang-See, who represents the pessimistic outlook in contrast to the more dismissive outlook of the PNP whose statistics are less alarming than those of Ang-See.
They apply fertilizer, water fields and treat insect pest with equipment controlled by computers in intelligent farm workshops.
Their products, in high quality and great variety, are shipped to supermarkets and hotels and sold at a good price.
	
President Fernando de la Rua, Economy Minister Domingo Cavallo The summit between George W. Bush and Fernando de la Rua may have changed many things, but it may also have changed nothing.
Rice even went so far as to mention the need for political leadership in Argentina to resolve its economic crisis.
It was also quite naive to think that Peronism would readily reach an agreement with a defeated administration.
The Treasury Department, however, in spite of the good offices of its number two man, John Taylor, is still taking the cool approach towards Argentina that its head, Paul O'Neill, had adopted.
The De la Rua administration has an even more urgent need: regardless of what might be said, Argentina needs the IMF to disburse as soon as possible more than $1.2 billion that is scheduled for December.
Marx understands "the importance of the menu" for gaining the creditors' good will.
Another concern about the negotiation has been generated by the leading role given to Jacob Frenkel, Merrill Lynch's international vice president.
He spoke even more clearly about the finance secretary: "Marx is sufficiently patriotic, he has a pleasant personality, and he knows enough about the market to be a good negotiator.
A paper published yesterday by the CS First Boston bank noted: "The most recent statements from Washington suggest that it (the G-7 support) is unlikely, but we are not precluding the possibility of surprises."
"People should be at the center of social and economic development efforts.
The Bush administration fears the treaty will have a negative effect on its economy and maintains that developing countries, such as China and India, should also be subject to mandatory emission targets.
"We are ready to give sincere and earnest consideration to any effort that will contribute to stability and peace in Afghanistan," foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue told reporters.
Particularly affected would be the world's poorer regions.
It had already been decided in Kyoto to set goals for reducing emissions, initially for the industrialized countries so that distribution of the resulting burden would be accepted as fair by all.
But the cost is high and requires a change in the way energy is generated as well as in means of transportation and agricultural practices.
An example of this is the simple presence or aging of forests.
Also contributing was the excellent technical preparation and mature action of the Brazilian delegation, which consisted of experienced negotiators.
Although there are care centres and orphanages in Pietermaritzburg, McKerrow's study found that extended families and the community were willing to take in these children.
Also, advanced nations are likely to make use of the standards as a new trade barrier.
Under this situation, the nation cannot possibly avoid pressures to match the cuts of advanced nations.
The U.S. backed out of the agreement, saying its industries would be handicapped by stringent rules that developing countries could simply ignore.
"If you look at the mechanism of a cell, a lot of what goes on inside is computation.
A typical question would be: In the sequence "AAB" is there an equal number of As and Bs?
The computer simulates the cell's natural mechanisms with an accuracy level of 99.8 percent.
However, for the uses for which the computers are designated, this level of accuracy is adequate.
If the tip of the input is "B", the input will be labeled as having an odd number of "B" sequences.
"The situation obviously remains fluid from hour to hour but it seems to be going in the right direction," the spokesman said.
Its other provisions include the overhaul and construction of new plants for making fuel elements and the overhaul of "wet" nuclear waste storage facilities.
The current summit will hopefully allow the CIS countries to lay new ways towards rapprochement.
"While we recognize that the threat of terrorism requires specific measures, we call on all governments to refrain from any excessive steps which would violate fundamental freedoms and undermine legitimate dissent," a joint statement issued in Strasbourg, Geneva and Warsaw said.
The GIO added that Taiwan's accomplishment in democratization is the "best role model" for mainland China's progress toward democracy.
He indicated that there is a long way to go and a great deal of effort to put in before global warming can be successfully arrested.
Carbon dioxide concentration in the atmosphere is higher than any time in the past several hundred thousand years.
It will be disastrous to many countries.
In other regions, it may fall precipitously.
It will have a deleterious effect on mankind.
In March, the new Bush Administration openly declared it would rescind its promise to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the "Kyoto Protocol."
Furthermore, on a per capita basis, emissions by developing nations are also far less than that by industrialized nations.
It mainly requires the joint effort of industrialized nations to resolve global warming.
It has significantly reduced greenhouse gas emissions by efficiency improvement, energy conservation, and development of advanced energy technology.
Its effort is well recognized around the globe.
Finally, a compromise was reached after developing nations and the EU made a significant concession.
Fundamentally, the targets set by the Kyoto Protocol are far less than what actually will take to effectively curb global warming.
It is a long road ahead of us.
It is a ship that is more modern and bigger than the current Soyuzes.
"Frank worked at Star City with much intensity.
"This assessment confirms us in our choices," a delighted Ylieff said.
This is an amount that Belgian yesterday pledged to pay to Russia.
The latest, and also undoubtedly the most logical, is internal to the SSTC, the federal Scientific, Technical, and Cultural Services, which, in particular, manage the country's space budgets.
The SSTC's overall budget will not suffer from this.
It also delivered the Russian microsatellite Kolibri for research.
It is good, you can see they (the Americans) are here," he said smiling.
But then asked about permission to visit the base, Babajan replied: "You have to talk to the Americans, they're in charge here."
On Friday, ACEC shipped some 200 kilograms of the 50 tons of relief goods it has collected.
It is in fact like using multilateral diplomacy to enhance US unilateralism.
It would have been logical and acceptable if Washington had asked Israel to announce its commitment to the principle of withdrawal from the territories it occupied in 1967 and to end the settlement activity.
Such demands constitute the strong base for bringing about calm and stability, putting a final end to violence and terrorism, and turning a new leaf toward fruitful negotiations leading to a just peace acceptable by all sides.
	

	
	
 In perfect agreement with the latest polls on the popularity of President Hugo Chavez, the most recent study by Alfredo Keller has confirmed the resounding and sustained fall of the approval rating the President had at the beginning of his administration.
The most telling result is that more than half of those polled believe that it is necessary to remove Chavez from office to solve the crisis.
This study shows a very clear pronouncement in favor of calling a referendum to redraft the Constitution and restore the balance of power: 75 percent agreed with the referendum, whereas 20 percent rejected it.
Finally, the Consultores 21 analyst notes that today, the number of extreme Chavez opponents (42 percent) is larger than that of extreme Chavez supporters (18 percent), which could bring about a confrontation for power.
The e-CRM is the use of technology to support customer interactions with little or no human intermediation from the business side.
Noting that President Chen Shui-bian has on many occasions expressed goodwill to mainland China, Tsai said so long as Beijing leaders can carefully mull the significance of Chen's statements on cross-strait affairs, particularly the "one China" issue, there should be opportunities for the two sides to resume talks.
"It all depends on how mainland China interprets President Chen's latest remarks on cross-strait relations and how the two sides cultivate an environment favorable for resumption of their long-stalled dialogue," Tsai explained.
Tsai said although the spokesman for mainland China's Taiwan Affairs Office failed to give any positive response to Taiwan's goodwill in his first post-Taiwan election news conference, he appeared to be fully aware of the importance of maintaining stability in the Taiwan Strait.
Bilateral agreements regarding the Saindak copper and gold projects, Thar coal mines development, technical and economic cooperation, and a joint revolving fund for scientific research, and other hydroelectric projects are likely to be signed during the visit.
Israel makes itself appear to be withdrawing its troops from some of the occupied Palestinian autonomous areas.
As such, Israel's territorial ambition is persistent and clever.
I can never forget what I saw that day as long as I live."
-- the Arabs are in the overwhelming majority, we believe it our duty to voice a few basic truths.
One of us is a Palestinian patriot (and not a nationalist).
Zionism established itself in a sensitive region of the world at a time when nothing seemed more "normal" than to settle in someone else's territory.
On the Israeli side, despite the process, settlement has increased considerably, eating away at the supposedly autonomous Palestinian territories crisscrossed by "bypass roads."
But the Israeli response, with its "extra-judicial liquidations," is even more dramatic in a certain sense.
It now resembles the destruction of the very people, so structured and organized is it.
Like any form of state terrorism, it is above all contradictory.
From the current perspective, three solutions seem "logical."
Two basic principles could still, perhaps, make it possible.
The first is that of not only civic, but also social and economic, equality.
Extremists on both sides have clearly understood this and have derived nothing but encouragement from it.
Buenos Aires privatized, on Washington's recommendation, all of its public companies.
	
Beijing, December 20 (XINHUA) -- China believes that the Argentine government and people will overcome the current difficulties, revive their economy and maintain their social stability, said Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue here Thursday.
The real gross domestic product in January-October measured 109.1% as compared with the corresponding period last year, in October -- 108%.
Output volumes at metallurgical and metal-processing enterprises increased 8.3% since the beginning of the current year.
Compared with January-October of last year, output volumes at enterprises that generate and distribute electric power grew by 2.4%.
The amount of sunflower seeds threshed in all categories of farms was 2.4 million metric tons, which was one-third less than in 2000, with average yield per hectare amounting to 10.1 quintals (13 quintals last year).
The average daily unloading of freight cars increased overall by 4.1%.
The volumes of ammonia transported increased overall by 11.6%, the through shipment of ammonia -- by 7.1%.
On 1 October of this year, debt and credit obligations of all economic entities (with the exception of small enterprises and budget-financed institutions) amounted to Hr217 billion and Hr279.3 billion, respectively.
Real wages in January-September of this year increased 18.4% as compared with the corresponding period of last year.
Since the beginning of the current year, the amount of wage arrears decreased by Hr1.6 billion, or by one-third.
Yesterday, Argentina as well was being portrayed as if everything there were going fine.
What you're calling the IMF is the ideal of a world kingdom."
Hatiboglu responded as follows to a journalist's question as to whether Argentina had intentionally been brought to its current situation: 
	
	
 "There's a fantasy of a world kingdom that utilizes the IMF.
"We had anticipated that detailed examination of the ship might take rather longer.
It is a futile illusion because it is a lie.
I would venture to assure you that," he said.
Chavez said that more efforts would be made in 2002 to get the country moving ahead since he believes that it will be quite difficult politically, economically and socially.
For instance, 29 per cent of those who consider themselves "poor" support America and 46 per cent do not, while among those with "high" and "average" income levels 39 per cent approve of US policy and 45 per cent disapprove.
So is it really the moment to take a look at Argentina?
More than ever in fact, as the financial crisis that is shaking Buenos Aires has a useful message for us: The choice of a currency can never be reduced to a simple act of political will.
The tale today is all the more bitter as it began with such euphoria.
The commitment to liberalism, the second strand of the Menem program, lived up to its promises.
Its success established the reputation of Buenos Aires on international markets.
The real gauge of this confidence was the size of the national debt, that grew and grew.
The risk premium has always been considerable, rates never falling below 10 percent.
Argentine pension funds have enjoyed interest rates as high as 35 percent over recent months: No less than 45 percent of the national debt estimated at between $130 and $150 billion is held by the Argentines themselves.
That leaves the most economically realistic solution, the one backed by the technical experts: Floating the currency, but it is also the most risky.
But neither Itamaraty nor the Planalto Palace confirmed the president's phone call to the governor of Cordoba.
"This is an unpredictable, anarchical situation.
We have a very risky scenario.
Analysts: Lack of Alternative for Power 
	
	
 Political scientists agree: Argentina lacks a political force that can stand up to Peronism and Radicalism.
This is because the Palestinians have the goal of peace in mind, while the Israeli Government does its utmost to hamper the peace process, entrench occupation, and step up settlement building.
This was not simply a directive from God that was confirmed by all the clerics throughout the Islamic world.
The United States thinks that it can silence the justice-seeking cries of the peoples of the world with the sound of explosions from 7-ton bombs and it thinks that it can justify its own inhuman behavior in the shadow of this noise.
A breakdown of the statistics of patients that benefited from the exercise showed that 106 received general surgeries, 20 had eye cataract operations, 260 got eye glasses, while 1, 988 others had general consultations.
This is Sweden's most serious incident so far involving radiation.
It is still not clear where the iridium container began to leak.
"But as we received it from a US official, we believe it is reliable," Hakansson said.
Yesterday [07 January], the National Institute of Radiation Protection (SSI) announced that it could not exclude the possibility of people who had come into contact with the container suffering acute health effects from radiation.
"When we open it, the whole picture will be cleared up," Hakansson said.
The Verkhny Lars checkpoint is operating, but the number of people using it is very small.
It includes a few VLD [Flemish Liberal Democrats] deputies who are very critical of the senators' work.
Mr. Stoiber seized it once the CDU made clear that it preferred him to its own chairwoman.
That has always been the basic premise for a CSU chairman to accept the candidacy on behalf of the bigger sister party.
It does not, of course, guarantee success at the polls -- or even solidarity in the campaign.
The most cogent argument in Mr. Stoiber's favor is that he will be running as a hopeful and not as the ticket of last resort.
That is strikingly illustrated by Belgian large-scale industry, which has made great efforts over the past 10 years, over which energy intensity (energy use per unit of final product) has improved considerably.
But a very considerable increase in production is expected in Belgium over the next 10 years, so that (even with very efficient processes) overall carbon dioxide emissions will certainly rise.
Belgian industry is advocating benchmark covenants because it is afraid that an absolute limit would weaken considerably its competitive position with respect to similar companies in regions where the Kyoto protocol is not ratified.
Those covenants contain insufficient guarantees in themselves to achieve the Belgian/Flemish reduction targets in an economically efficient manner.
A cost-efficient division of efforts implies that each sector must limit its emissions to the point at which the additional costs for one extra ton of reduction are the same in all sectors.
Benchmarking guarantees only that companies belong to the top of their class, but says nothing about that class's performance as compared with the whole universe.
In that way, less energy-intensive products enjoy a relative advantage.
Third, questions can be asked about the emission restrictions that would be achieved by the covenants.
But it is highly unclear whether these measures will lead to many extra reductions of emissions in comparison with the business as usual scenario without additional policy efforts.
Hence a broad social debate on who should contribute how much to realizing the Kyoto standards is urgently necessary.
Despite these shortcomings, we believe that a role is reserved for the instrument of benchmark covenants.
In any case, it is high time that a social debate be organized on the division of effort to achieve the Kyoto aims.
It is in this key that we are conducting a dialogue with the Israeli and Palestinian leaders."
It is not definite whether or not Uzbek general will have an official program in Ankara.
This may be convenient for Washington.
Maybe some are (although the world would have a better idea if the U.S., in line with the Geneva Convention, specified just who it was holding).
But if Sept. 11 was an act of war, then it becomes, in a weird way, less monstrous.
If I am to visit several countries in a limited time, it is always one or two days at best," he said.
"There is a saying, seeing is believing.
Washington insisted it would not have acted without credible evidence, but the transfer exposed it to more criticism from campaigners who have accused it of disregarding human rights in its declared "war on terror."
As long as this confidentiality will allow us to get results in the humanitarian sphere we will keep to it," he said, adding it would be the first of a series of visits.
"If a doubt exists as to the status of a person, this doubt must be decided by a tribunal acting on the basis of judicial guarantees," he added.
"For us there cannot be special courts.
The important point is that Argentina has enjoyed the IMF's advice in the execution of these policies.
However, there are a few ambiguous points, such as: 
	
	
 1 -- What amount of Argentina's economic crisis is due to its relations with the global economy and how much effect will it have on the European and US economies due to its present stagnation?
"We have always made that clear and the Americans have said they share this view."
"We boosted security so that we will be able to handle any kind of incident, including terrorism," the spokesman said.
It could also alienate itself from a large part of its allies, even if, militarily speaking, Washington is conducting its campaign in virtual isolation.
It may be the moment to offer the world's television channels, from CNN to Qatar's Al-Jazeera, full access [to the camp].
Proof of that is the refusal to treat the 110 detainees in Guantanamo and the hundreds held in Afghanistan as prisoners of war.
Fortunately, not everyone in the Bush administration is of the same opinion.
It's a step in the right direction, but it's only the start.
The money will mainly be used for the construction of 27 key projects in the fields of water conservancy, energy, transportation and environmental protection.
The upgrading and especially the last part - the boosting unit - have made it possible "to surge on the foreign market" and provided for a great economic and commercial effect from the launch of an upgraded Proton rocket-booster, said Medvedev.
Even though we support their action, we should criticize this form of treatment of prisoners," Socialist People's Party Chairman Holger K. Nielsen said.
It will speak in its report.
Hence you can hardly speak of a "targeting error" when a Red Cross warehouse, although clearly recognizable by the large red cross painted on the roof, was shelled twice by US aircraft.
It is all the more to be deplored that such statements come from somebody who, as a senior commander, serves as an example to others regarding the observance of rules of humanitarian law.
The need for timely and accurate information about possible new attacks is naturally particularly great, but whether the global ban on torture can be abused on that account is another matter.
Hence guilt need not be established "beyond reasonable doubt," nor is there any mention of a presumption of innocence.
"The Nikkei is fluctuating at a level which induces buybacks for technical reasons," said Kazunori Jinnai, general manager at the equity department of Daiwa Securities SMBC Co.
The US is indeed setting a terrific example of how to violate international laws and human rights.
That kind of criticism can have real sting.
What is the point of engaging in dialogue with a government that is only interested in buying time while it fervently escalates a campaign of bludgeoning its citizens in the hope of frightening voters into supporting Mugabe?
"I know that not everybody will be entirely happy with the list, but it is a good list and let's support them and work with them."
	
You can never be too sure about what you are communicating.
At the end of a brilliantly waged and very carefully framed war, punctuated by briefings that had brought Donald Rumsfeld, the Defense Secretary, a veritable media triumph, there was this one image too many.
So Rumsfield stated that the prisoners' treatment was "reasonably consistent" with the Geneva Conventions, which was a way of saying, in this particular case, that the US was the only judge of what was "reasonable."
But perhaps there is something else, deeper, more diffuse.
Throughout this Afghan campaign, there have been some other slightly troubling images.
There have also been, based more on intuition than on images, doubts about the match-up between the end and the means, and the admiration, mixed with fear, that an implacable force generates, that of US missiles and airplanes in action.
We should maintain sharp vigilance on this move.
The Taiwanese authorities had to respond in low key.
Irresponsible promotion of "Taiwan independence" and intensification of cross-strait ties are definitely not blessings to Taiwan.
But the Taiwanese authorities exaggerated Sino-US conflicts and placed hopes on seeking benefits from such conflicts.
It is worth special attention that the mainland's stance on the Taiwan issue is very clear and has never changed.
Taiwan is an inseparable part of China.
	
2 
	
	
 Space remains a Russian national priority.
During a visit yesterday [21 January] to the Khrunichev State Space Scientific Production Center Vladimir Putin said that "Russia will not be able lay claim to a worthy place in the civilized world" or ensure its own defense capability if it abandons its space programs.
After this, the center's general director, Aleksandr Medvedev, said that Mr. Putin "is devoting significantly more time to cosmonautics than any of the country's previous leaders" and for this showed him examples of the space-rocket equipment produced at the enterprise.
It is one of the most successful space-rocket firms not only by Russian criteria but by world ones too.
The moderate wing supports dialogue with the opposition to try to reduce political tension.
As the opposition raises its head, the climate of plots takes shape.
"My Government will, as is its practice, be accrediting foreign journalists through our embassies to cover the forthcoming election on the basis of the country's laws and regulations."
Cde Mugabe expressed satisfaction with the Government's preparations for the election so far.
The attacks have been a great gift to pro-Israel groups in America, as well as Israel.
Complete disregard for the plight of the Palestinians despite timid warnings to Israel to show restraint is indicative of the new political perspective.
The American society is a dynamic, changing one that can be swayed if presented with the right message on a consistent basis.
Since the attacks, I have had a chance to speak to many Americans who have no grasp of the Arab viewpoint.
A strong case can be made for change in the American foreign policy at the grassroots level.
I believe much more can be accomplished if closer attention is paid to the potential for change from within America.
Supporting our schools and community centres is a good starting point.
Obviously, this decision simplified things, and it allowed the US judiciary to conduct the investigation of the 158 detainees as it sees fit.
As for their possible repatriation, it cannot be taken into consideration, as long as the war against terrorism is far from over.
However, I believe it is more than that.
Ms Lilian Patel said the situation in Zimbabwe required a more mature approach.
"We in Sadc believe that the situation in Zimbabwe does not only require a careful and mature approach but also mutual understanding and patience because of its complexity," said Ms Patel.
The striking thing was the reference to Iran.
Although it is one of many countries surrounding Afghanistan, Iran has an effective role to play in that country.
This is because following the September operations there were some hints suggesting that Washington was viewing Iran from a new angle.
high.
Only the corrugated iron roof provides a little shade.
It was chosen first and foremost because it is not US territory and thus no claim can be laid to the rights that the US Constitution guarantees to all prisoners, including foreigners.
Argentine society is divorcing itself from political parties and national institutions, and it is in such an environment that radical responses germinate, such as authoritarian regimes and the formation of guerrilla groups.
The ill effects of the Argentine crisis can contaminate the nearest countries first, like Paraguay, Uruguay and Bolivia.
There is a stress factor in the content and volume of the needs of that country, which on its own will not be able to take the steps absolutely necessary for its reconstruction.
This is the understanding of sources very close to President Fernando Henrique Cardoso, and it is also guiding the analyses of the economic department.
It has been confirmed that there will be "coupons" for savers who want to buy things, with their frozen funds as collateral.
The government explained that it theoretically saw tools like the "unidad de fomento" as a way of adjusting the deposits of savers that will remain subject to restrictions until at least next year.
If an agreement is reached with the IMF and economic conditions improve, the timetable will likely be moved forward so that people can get cash.
An arrangement with an attractive implicit interest rate could also be devised.
It will not be easy, of course, to drum up demand with the country in full-fledged default.
It's injustice that breeds hatred and revolt.
Its unfettered support to Israel is based on injustice and this distortion in its policies needs to be removed to ensure its own security as well as that of its allies.
In George Bush's presentation, any concrete references to the "objects" of Washington's extraordinary attention were thus exhausted.
The issue is that compared with the remaining part of the blacklist (Libya, Syria, Sudan, and Somalia), this trio has made the greatest progress in its effort to obtain missile technologies, as well as chemical, bacteriological, or nuclear weapons.
The antiterrorist war itself costs the federal Treasury a huge amount of money.
Does an "axis of evil" really exist in today's world?
To form an "axis," it is imperative to form an alliance, but there is no alliance whatsoever among Iran, Iraq, and the DPRK.
Secretary Rumsfeld has justified the atrocious conditions by resorting to verbal quibbling by designating them as 'unlawful combatants' or 'battlefield detainees', to avoid giving them PoW status under the Geneva Conventions.
Islamabad's silence does not set a healthy precedent.
His denunciation of Iran, in particular, is a case that illustrates Washington's urge to underline America's supposed pre-eminence as the only superpower in history with a universal jurisdiction.
Iran's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has described the US itself as "the greatest evil".
While Iraq and North Korea tend to see America's new game plan as an extension of its characteristic policy of "hegemony", China is aghast at the ridiculous terminology of America's new thinking and its unexplained logical basis.
As for Teheran specifically, its defiant view of America's expanding strategic-military presence in Iran's neighborhood at this juncture may have weighed with Mr. Bush.
Good and evil are two completely contradictory concepts.
Nevertheless, Bush is impertinently picking a quarrel regarding our Republic by saying this and that and viciously spoke ill of the DPRK.
This is truly a very despicable act.
He is clearly more comfortable in this role than he is in he management of routine matters.
His speech was "brilliant, full of strength and eloquence.
Television commentaries were even more full of praise.
"Solid and often eloquent remarks," CBS' Ran Rather said.
CNN's Bill Bennett called it "a speech of moral strength."
Bush's objective is clear.
The new US policy deserves to be closely analyzed and monitored.
This may result in more intense armed confrontation.
The deputy director said, "It's really strange for Bush to include Korea on the list of these countries, because in recent years Korea has not actively supported terrorist activities.
An analytical article carried in the Washington Post says that including Iran on the "Axis of Evil" list is all the more astonishing.
He added that that would be the most unfortunate part of Bush's speech, he cast away the chance for improving relations with Iran.
Even US closest allies also thought it hard to agree with Bush's remark.
	
Seeing in believing, and the longer you live the more you see.
This is a simple lack of respect, an abuse of history, an unacceptable degradation.
This is a great demonstration of political cynicism.
4 February was not only a military failure for Chavez; it was also an episode that caused enormous losses, human and economic, for all Venezuelans.
The current US administration will consult with no one, not even its closest allies, whether in Europe or its followers in the Third World, particularly in the Arab world.
This mentality simultaneously raises apprehensions and resentment, because international economic prosperity can be built on stability, not wars.
Guillermo Garcia Ponce Click here to view picture of Garcia Ponce , chief of the board of directors of the Political Command of the Revolution [CPR], described Powell's statement as "unusual" and added that it does not reflect the friendly relations between Caracas and Washington.
We respect the sovereignty of all countries and this is why we demand respect for ours."
She stated: "We are quite respectful of the decisions made by Washington, even if we do not agree with them.
We demand equal treatment for our foreign policy."
"I read General Colin Powell's statements and (Venezuelan Foreign Minister) Colonel [Luis Alfonso] Davila's statements, and I endorse Colonel Davila's statements," Rangel expressed.
Nevertheless, he does not rule out the possibility of going to the National Assembly and presenting a report if this is decided.
The document indicates that the FAN is an apolitical institution.
Outstanding among these are: 
	
	
 The FAN is apolitical and non-deliberating.
The rest of us soldiers have such right limited.
The percentage of married migrant women using contraceptives is 90.6 percent, higher than the national average of 83.4 percent.
However, the use of sterilization among "households with two daughters" is significantly less than among households with at least one son.
"People have the right to express themselves as long as it is in line with the law," Rodriguez Chacin said, but pointed the finger at Soto as a "traitor" and "opportunistic leader."
Washington needs to review its own history of crimes against humanity, especially the non-WASP humanity.
If the United States is truly committed to human rights, it should show it in its treatment of the detainees that it has transported in chain to another side of the globe.
Bush's spokesman added that none of the 158 detainees in Guantanamo is going to be given prisoner-of-war status, which makes the apparently positive part of the White House statement meaningless.
So when the White House says it is going to treat the Taleban in accordance with the Geneva Convention, it is pure rhetoric, nothing other than a public relations exercise and will be meaningless in practice.
While taking care to avoid directly criticizing Bush, UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said it was unrealistic to see the world in terms of good and evil states.
Annan said, without specifically mentioning the US: "You can not divide the world between the good and the evil, because between them there are shades of gray."
The expression is undoubtedly strong and well thought out.
It concerns a genuine threat but it is a convenient electoral tool too.
The presence of the crowd prompted occasional passers-by to express animated opinions and engage in almost philosophical debates about conditions in the country.
"Great, keep on buying dollars so there'll be more and more poor people in the country," shouted one.
Among the strongest gainers were Gas Natural Ban (up 12.7 percent), Banco Bansud (up 7.69 percent), Instituto Rosembusch (up 4 percent), and Sociedad Comercial del Plata (up 2.7 percent).
Therefore, the political negotiations should be resumed ahead of any effort aimed at achieving a peace acceptable to both sides.
There is no doubt whatsoever that the Palestinian people welcome and support the new European initiative because it is bold and fair and seeks to revive the peace process on realistic and just bases.
The European initiative will serve as a test of not only Israel's intentions toward the peace process that are known for being negative, but also as a test of the US stand.
Bush's description of Iran, Iraq and DPRK as "axis of evil" has courted strong criticism from the three countries as well as some of its allies.
"I think that it's important for us to look at each of these countries as threats to this country clearly, as problems that we' ve got to address clearly", he said.
Sources said that while Islam countries request that Israel be harshly condemned in the joint declaration for its policy towards Palestine, the EU side thinks that this issue should be mentioned but a more cautious stance should be assumed.
A high-level official told A.A correspondent that Turkey had not taken an active role in those deliberations so far but that it was ready to intervene if the two sides did not reach a compromise.
The meat was confiscated and will be tested to see if it is contaminated with "mad cow" disease, or bovine spongiform encephalopathy.
The private trading company said in its statement that it would continue with its services "for the benefit of the people of southern Sudan."
While in Tokyo from Sunday to Tuesday, Bush is likely to support Koizumi's economic reform efforts and express U.S. willingness to help Japan regain its economic vitality.
The sale infuriated Beijing which regards Taiwan an integral part of its territory awaiting reunification, by force if necessary.
"Such a mindset will impair the healthy interaction between Taiwan and the People's Republic of China."
Compounding fears is speculation that Bush may sign a fresh communique with China in return for Beijing's support on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear proliferation.
The sale infuriated Beijing which regards Taiwan an integral part of its territory awaiting reunification, by force if necessary.
Compounding fears is speculation that Bush may sign a fresh communique with China in return for Beijing's support on issues such as anti-terrorism and prevention of nuclear proliferation.
South Korean ministers fear Bush's tough talking may put back by years Kim's so-called Sunshine Policy of establishing a permanent peace.
Iran, which has long had tense relations with its western neighbor, voiced opposition to a new US strike against Iraq.
"We hope that people will keep calm.
This will lead us to the issue of exercising the right of collective self-defense.
There is controversy about which type is more credible.
Every phrase in it was carefully studied, particularly the phrase that referred to Iran, Iraq, and North Korea as an axis of evil.
Besides, politicians refer to good and evil only for purposes of intimidation and exaggeration.
It would be a choice that confirms the extremist inclinations of some members of the US Administration.
In reaction to the better-than-expected response, accompanying presidential sources acknowledged: "We obtained extremely strong support."
When MOFA officials noticed Iran sheepishly making an approach, MOFA officials were immensely impressed by the US strategy inherent in the statement about the "Axis of Evil."
The true value of the "Japan-US alliance critical to the world" now requires action rather than mere lip service.
"At this stage, as difficult as it may be to say so openly, the Palestinians are losing the battles to a superior force, but Israel is losing the war."
But what makes this offer exceptionally generous is the readiness of a key Arab leader to take this stand at the highest Arab political forum and campaign for it.
It demands immediate action.
Both scrupulously avoided combative talk on the issue, which has been a consistent source of tension between the countries for decades.
The sales angered Beijing and fuelled concern that Washington's tougher stance might encourage Taiwan to declare formal independence.
Taiwan's foreign ministry spokeswoman had said ahead of Bush's departure for Asia that Washington had assured Taipei its interests would not be harmed.
"To properly handle the Taiwan question is vital to the stability and growth of China-US relations," Jiang said.
Beijing has said it will not reopen talks with Taipei unless the Taiwanese government embraces its definition of "one China", under which Taiwan is considered part of its territory.
Taiwan's foreign ministry spokeswoman had said ahead of Bush's departure for Asia that Washington had assured Taipei its interests would not be harmed.
Both the Chinese and US sides hold that the visit has achieved positive and successful results.
Hong Kong media also generally maintained a positive stance toward the trip and welcomed the visit.
On 22 February, in a speech at Tsinghua University, Bush again stated that "it is very hard for me to use words to describe the earth-shaking changes in China."
The US Government should realize that the Taiwan issue is the most important and most sensitive core issue in Sino-US relations.
At the first half of last year, the US-China relations drastically worsened.
Bush redefined China as a "strategic competitor" and increased the sales level of arms to Taiwan.
It is preferable to gain China's understanding and cooperation on antiterrorism and strategic issues.
But it is precisely on this choice of words that we should dwell.
Manicheaism comes to us from late antiquity thanks to Manes, the religion's founder.
It presupposes that light and darkness, good and evil, mind and matter are irreconcilably opposed forces.
The saying goes: "I'm an American and I'm damned proud of it."
So it has not done the US legal system any good that there is no enemy of consequence in sight.
However, that is likely just an aggravating factor in the crisis: the politicians who are running the Argentine process are almost exclusively from Buenos Aires or the province of Buenos Aires, like Governor Carlos Ruckauf.
According to Fernando Henrique, President Eduardo Duhalde has "quite a sharp insight" into the scope of the crisis.
By now, it should be clear to everyone that retaliating against every act of Palestinian resistance with Israel's superior ability to punish Palestinians does not provide the security that Israelis are demanding.
Unilateral separation without a negotiated agreement could be realized - only if Israel is willing to uproot around 100 settlements.
Sharon has ensured that Israelis are rapidly absorbing the lesson that no place in Israel can be considered safe.
A wall and miles of fences is not the best of solutions.
Does anybody believe that the intifada can end as long as Israel persists in the occupation of the territories and Palestinians are willing to die in large numbers to deny Israel that privilege?
"This is neo-colonialism and economic colonialism.
Namibia said Zimbabwe had the right to invite observers for its elections.
So far, Israel's provocations have led to the slaughter of more than 50 Palestinian males and females and injured scores of others.
The Palestinians believe that such a step would realize their national aspirations to full sovereignty despite the perils and implications that such efforts may have on their national unity that puts the higher Palestinian interests above every other consideration.
Israel's impossible terms cannot be met by a nation that is determined to preserve its dignity and national unity.
Given the stake at play, namely electricity exports, other countries have also voiced interest in contributing to the finalization of works on reactor III and IV at Cernavoda.
The price for the energy generated at Cernavoda is some $6 higher than the cheapest energy generated by the water power plants, yet some $20 lower than the energy generated by the thermal plants.
This is another diversionary tactic to divert the criticism of people around the world, which was provoked by the fact that Bush had made an announcement on an axis of evil and it had caused a great controversy to the world, to us.
As a matter of fact, the fellow who wrote Bush's address inevitably submitted his resignation.
One of the JEA's obligations stipulated in its bylaws is to provide training for its members.
"The association is willing to cover it," Hneidi said.
Mugabe has reportedly told Blair "to keep your pink nose out of our affairs," the Sun-Herald reported here Sunday.
"Our people have decided and that is what matters to us.
"There is still that very strong sense that Britain and other countries (are) sometimes being neo-colonialist."
If we are to make an intelligent, rational decision, then we need to allow the scene to be played out there.
Let's wait and see...Let the observers give their observation and then we will know if its free and fair."
By taking this decision, the EU has reaffirmed its commitment to pursuing multilateral solutions to issues of global concern.
I am very pleased that the Council has now approved the Kyoto Protocol thus enabling the EU to proceed with its ratification.
We can only tackle climate change effectively through a multi-lateral process.
Environment Commissioner Margot Wallstrom stated: "This is indeed a good day for the climate and for sustainable development.
I am convinced that improving the environment through technological progress can actually enhance our competitiveness and economic growth.
This is another example of human rights violations in America.
Pointing to the presence of Interpol officers and the representatives, ambassadors and military attaches from different countries, including Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia and Italy, Parvin said despite the fact that it was the first exhibition of its kind in Iran, it was extensively welcomed by many companies.
Instead the US government produced its own alternative climate change strategy aimed at encouraging industries to trim their emissions.
"I wish to emphasize that the Taiwan question remains the most sensitive and most important issue at the core of the Sino-US relationship," he said.
"This is a very important consensus," Tang said.
US accusations of China's alleged proliferation of weapons of mass destruction have long been countered by Beijing with loud opposition to US weapon sales to Taiwan.
Overall, despite a "grim and complicated" post September 11 international order, China still maintained that "peace, stability and development" remained the main themes characterizing the world environment, Tang said.
Israel was also the target of no small number of critical shots.
Possibly, in the eyes of the report's authors, such a step on the part of Riyadh excuses it to a certain extent for its other transgressions.
"Our reply is going to be brief, because we feel that the report is repetitive," Bawab said.
"We do not have to reply, but we have been replying for years, because we believe in our good [human rights] record and feel that we have nothing to hide," Bawab said.
Everyone opposes and rejects it.
Voices criticizing it rose high among big powers, too.
One can imagine the extent of such EU sentiment from the descriptions of Bush in French newspapers, such as one depicting him as the modern, 21st-century version of "The Stars and Stripes."
Western nations and US allies, for the first time ever, took such a concerted stance critical of Washington.
Like this, it is inevitable for injustice to meet denunciation and rejection.
But the truth of the matter is that Israel and the Palestinians are not at war.
An estimated 130,472 Palestinians had been injured, 481 expelled, 22,088 held without trial, 2533 houses demolished or sealed and, equally important for the eventual division of the land, 184,257 Palestinian trees uprooted."
Sharon is managing and sustaining a pogrom that puts every Jew and every Israeli to shame, because the enemy for Sharon's soldiers is largely invisible.
"I am 77 years old, but I am still going strong.
My fist carries a force, which can make one tumble and roll over 77 times," Mugabe boasted in a recent rally.
"We were given a piece of land which my parents have been able to farm and provide us with food," said Mapfumo, a ZANU-PF activist.
Despite the economic hardships and food shortages currently experienced by Zimbabweans, analysts said there are other major achievements Mugabe's government is credited for.
"I am pleased to send my warm congratulations on the renewed and the deserved presidential mandate the people of Zimbabwe have given you," Mkapa said.
"It would be a great tragedy for anyone to determine the outcome of an African election in Europe," Mkapa said.
Both tourists and businessmen are likely to use the route, the Kazakh Railroad Company believes.
The CIA was given the task to topple governments and install rulers of its own choice.
Racial prejudice has assumed alarming proportions.
This report [above-mentioned document by China] should be an eye opener for the whole world and the United States should be viewed in its true perspective.
Pakistan should draw its own conclusions in the light of its own circumstances, from this report issued by China.
The report divulged that the US intention is to realize its own strategy because it has been driven into a corner.
The West is our enemy and it would be surprising if they gave any favourable comment about us," he said.
We should continue with our business as usual and we can't expect the Commonwealth to say something positive about Zimbabwe when its head is the Queen," Dr Chivaura said.
New Zealand said on Wednesday it stood ready to impose sanctions if the Commonwealth chose not to suspend Harare.
Canada said it was still studying observers' reports, but Prime Minister Jean Chretien told parliament: "I agree ...it does not look very good".
"This is in the interest of our country, our region and our continent," the statement said.
The government had also noted the SA Observer Mission (SAOM) report which had found that although the election was not adequately free and fair, it should be considered legitimate, the statement said.
Zuma had informed Mugabe of the SAOM report and that it was part of a process involving various bodies such as SADC, the OAU and the Commonwealth.
Nevertheless, Sharon refuses to modify his hard-line posture, saying that "we must win this war."
Should one be surprised?
Africa, with its own "observers," has just ratified a shameful electoral sham.
In Zimbabwe it is better to have an end to the torment than torment without end.
In terms of the Commonwealth's mandate, action against Zimbabwe could range from collective disapproval to suspension.
"I, Robert Gabriel Mugabe do swear that I will be faithful to the laws of the Republic of Zimbabwe, so help me God," said Mugabe who was flanked by first lady Grace.
"The call to all of us, whether in the ruling party or in the opposition, is that we unite and come together as one people.
We welcome it."
We know that Indonesia is a country of enormous potential and believe that now is the time to build our future together," Hicks said in a statement.
Very well.
Despite this, it gives a clue to the gap that existed, and still exists, between the reality and the statistics of the international credit agencies.
Such a statement will actually constitute the beginning of a real era of peace and the end of the era of violence and counterviolence.
Clearly, the Palestinian side has acceded to all demands -- even more than that -- when it recognized Israel's right to exist on 78 percent of historical Palestine.
Israel's compliance with the required commitments will be the real test not only of its readiness to facilitate the US envoy's mission but also its readiness to establish a just peace which is in the interest of all parties concerned.
Of course the second side in the US axis is Israel, and definitely the third side will go to no one but Britain, as it conforms to the same criteria and because it completely supports the US stance and considers it the absolute right in all cases.
So now we only wait for the advice of Haj Zinni to obey those in authority, so that we would not become terrorists like Iraq, North Korea, and Iran!
If US moves go beyond China's limits of tolerance, it will seriously affect Sino-US diplomatic relations.
The report concluded the poll had been marred by violence, intimidation and suspect electoral practices designed to benefit Mugabe, a conclusion also reached by the Zimbabwean opposition and much of the West.
New Zealand Foreign Affairs Minister Phil Goff welcomed the Commonwealth's suspension of Zimbabwe but said New Zealand was likely to impose sanctions anyway.
Washington is still mulling a response to the election and "continuing its conversations with allied nations about what the proper response should be to the fraudulent election in Zimbabwe," said Ari Fleischer, spokesman for US President George W. Bush.
"We were also advised to be vigilant in what we say in private and in public," Malinga said.
But the famous US space centre, the Kennedy Space Centre at Cape Canaveral in Florida is located relatively far from the Equator.
Therefore, plans to construct a space port should be moved from Christmas Island if Australia is really willing to listen to Indonesia's objections.
As the nation most likely to suffer the impact of the Australian Space Port, Indonesia could rely on the simplest article in the Liability Convention, Section 14.
Indonesia at the very least needs to sign the UN Convention on Space as well as ratify several other treaties governing national activities in outer space.
This is a very important lesson for Indonesia.
"In principle, my personal opinion is that we shouldn't go against the current.
Rather we should the use the current to our mutual benefit," he said.
Meaning that rather than challenging and issuing objections to the Australian space project, Indonesia should take advantage of our southern neighbour's space activities.
I must warn at the outset that there are two groups of persons whose analyses must be handled with caution.
Yet I must declare my interests at the outset.
My view then, and indeed those of my colleagues, was that a democratic environment in which free and fair elections are the norm, and in which citizens enjoy real freedoms, could only be created if a new, democratic and people-driven constitution were put in place.
In terms of that view, it is almost impossible to change the government through an election conducted in terms of the current constitution.
This is the view I still hold so strongly that I must confess it may cloud my assessment of the just-concluded presidential elections.
The lesson to be learnt from this poll is that until Zimbabwe has a genuinely democratic constitution enshrining universally recognised norms and institutions for the holding of an election, a free and fair ballot will remain a mirage.
Most of the problems faced in this election have their roots in the defective nature of our constitutional framework.
In our case, the so-called "supplementary voters' roll" was nothing but a list of names of ZANU PF supporters compiled under dubious circumstances but it was given legal validity by President Robert Mugabe acting is terms of the current constitution and laws.
Third, it is alleged that some key election officials such as presiding officers were Central Intelligence Organisation operatives.
In other countries, there is no scope for such madness.
It was the President who directed that there be tripartite elections in Harare.
The conclusion to be reached from this whole picture is that under the current constitutional and legal framework for the holding of presidential elections, it is almost impossible to vote out an incumbent President.
We have learnt our lesson and it will be irresponsible to seek to dispute this clear fact.
This brings us to the way forward.
These two points are crucial in any discussion of the way forward.
Constitutional reform is at the heart of any new democratic discourse in Zimbabwe.
The masses required for such a struggle to succeed need not be substantial.
It is critical that a new constitution be in place as soon as possible so that any future election is held in a transparent and credible manner.
A fresh election must be held within 90 days.
Russia would like to increase its stake in Erdenet from the current 49%, but Mongolia is also interested in increasing its 51% stake.
Kasyanov will fly to Hanoi from Ulan-Bator on March 26.
People have seen the true features of these space capsules.
However, it is understood that China has successfully resolved this problem to provide sufficient power supply for its spaceship.
By referring to the designs of the Russia spaceship Soyuz, it is very possible that China will apply the lift control technology in its manned spaceship.
An informed source has said that it can be seen that the designs for China's manned spaceflight have taken into consideration future modifications.
"A little calm is needed, the ability to look ahead, not let oneself be carried by the difficulties of the moment," he emphasizes.
Malan defends a different posture: "to set aside the notion of cynicism, skepticism, that things will not work out," and believe, like the Europeans, that there is a future to be built by the Mercosur countries and Chile and Bolivia, the associate members.
The MDC has also refused to recognise Mugabe's re-election, saying the March 9-11 vote was massively rigged and thousands of its supporters denied the vote.
One-third Israelis, two-thirds Palestinians.
No Arab leader was in any doubt that from Sharon's standpoint the resolution was not welcome.
This time Washington is largely keeping silent.
It has not sent the usual appeals to both sides.
The pressing matter of the moment is that Israel and Palestine should both exercise maximum restraint and adopt concrete measures to stop the conflict immediately and create conditions for resumption of the peace talks, Tang said.
Peres briefed Tang on the latest development of the conflict between the two sides.
Heavy traffic congestion took place in almost every connecting roads near Jl.
All who want peace must be aware that the material basis for a security guarantee for Israel will only be supplied with the withdrawal of all settlers and soldiers from the areas occupied in 1967.
The China-ASEAN free-trade area would be the world's largest with a combined market of nearly 1.8 billion people, a regional gross domestic product of US$2 trillion and international trade worth $1.2 trillion.
Despite the Parliament's recommendation, the chances that the association agreements will be suspended are very slim.
The Europeans know that repeated denunciations of Israel, not to mention its punishment, will not lead to a solution of the conflict.
If the Europeans wish to influence Israel in the political arena -- in a direction that many in Israel would support wholeheartedly -- they will not be able to promote their positions in such a manner.
A unilateral move is likely to prejudice Europe's status in helping to find a solution to the conflict.
One cannot assume that Israel will act under the pressure of deeds and oversights that are often tainted with a significant degree of hypocrisy.
Venezuela is an important oil producing nation since its oil directly impacts crude prices in international markets.
I call it as formation of good economic neighborhood.
We should act carefully.
We envisage a 3 percent growth in 2002.
State Minister Kemal Dervis has said that regional cooperation structures like the Black Sea Economic Cooperation (BSEC) were not the antithesis of globalization.
Dervis said that the power of the globalization were stronger than the effects of regionalization.
Dervis stated that Turkey had shown a great economic performance in last 20-25 years, and added that Turkish economy grew by 7-8 percent.
We have made many reforms in last period.
We will have low inflation and a stable economy as of 2003-2004.`` 
	
	
 Dervis who touched on the cooperation between Turkey and Greece, said, ``the cooperation between Turkey and Greece also have great importance symbolically.
I hoped that Turkish and Greek foreign ministers will visit Middle East jointly.
"We appreciate the return to stability of Venezuela's domestic situation," foreign ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said.
"We believe that under the leadership of President Chavez, the people of Venezuela will devote themselves to political stability and economic development and make more progress in social advancement."
All this is one thing, but the Palestinian people's will is something different.
This is actually one of the deep-rooted facts.
It is necessary to be loyal to El Salvador," Flores concluded.
This maybe a surprise to many people.
States "supports democracy" and that "we in no way would support any coups or unconstitutional activity."
The multiservices platform comprises TDM [Time Division Multiplexing] switch layer, an ATM [Asynchronous Transfer Mode] and IP layer and intelligent network to offer value-added services, he said.
That must rank as the understatement of the year.
What makes it all the worse at this particular point in time is that it makes a mockery of George Bush's war against international terrorism.
It proved that the will of the people is stronger than any force or arrogance of power.
Oddly enough, the peoples that US officials like to speak for are the same ones that suffer from unfair US policies, not to mention that those peoples never gave US politicians the right to speak for them.
It is certainly playing games.
"Yes ambassador, how are you?"
"I have had moments of terror and moments of sheer exhilaration," he proclaimed.
"I have never seen anything as beautiful as earth from space.
I cannot imagine anything as beautiful as that."
I am sure the American food will be just as good," Shuttleworth told the president.
He said he had seen the most magnificent sunset and sunrise over Africa, at which Mbeki asked him to bring pictures "so that we can know what we look like to you from up there".
The president then toasted Shuttleworth with a glass of champagne, saying: "I am sure this will go down in our history as one of those moments where we made quite a leap forward."
This reminds one of a witty remark made by US President Franklin Roosevelt in the old days.
Other than that, nothing will count.
He added the boycott could create the impression that the NGOs were acting out of self interest and are not honest about championing human rights.
The US legislative branch even outbade the Israeli right wing.
If Rabbi Kahana were alive, he would have been regarded as a moderate person, compared to the US legislative branch.
Both Washington and Israel must realize that the Palestinian people are intelligent enough to read between the lines and understand the long-term aims behind Condoleezza Rice's statements.
The first is that the current Palestinian leadership represents the Palestinian people's will, political convictions, and national aspirations.
It's part of Mugabe's grand strategy to target the MDC's supporter base."
"The situation we see now is what I call the Last Supper -- it is ZANU-PF's final feast," Mr. Tsvangirai said.
"It is a case of take what you can while you can. "
But he said Zimbabwe's future rests largely with its own people.
Furthermore, "HIV develops over a very long period of time.
It 
will also take into account different levels of development 
between ASEAN countries and China.
